Browser logs documentation update (#19873)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/browser/browser-monitoring/browser-pro-features/browser-logs/overview.mdx

---
title: Overview
tags:
translate:
metaDescription: 'Discover how our Browser Logs feature captures real-time browser console logs to enhance observability, simplify debugging, and improve user experience.'
redirects:
freshnessValidatedDate: never
---

> Our <DNT>**Browser logs**</DNT> offers unmatched insights into your front-end application by automatically capturing browser console logs in real-time. With this feature, you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <DNT>**Browser logs**</DNT> feature offers insights into your front-end application by automatically capturing browser console logs in real-time. With this feature, you can:
```

> * **Maximize Observability**: Understand how your application behaves in the users environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Maximize observability**: Understand how your application behaves in the user's environments.
```

> * **Simplify Debugging**: Quickly identify and fix issues by correlating user actions with browser logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Simplify debugging**: Identify and fix issues by correlating user actions with browser logs.
```

* **Enhance UX**: Resolve error faster and ensure smooth interaction for the end users.

## Key features of browser logs

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style={{width: "200px"}}>
        Feature
      </th>

      <th>
        Description
      </th>
    </tr>
  </thead>

  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>
        [**Automatic Log Collection**](/docs/browser/browser-monitoring/browser-pro-features/auto-logging)
      </td>
      <td>
        Automatically captures all log messages from the browser console, including Error, Warn, Info, and Debug logs, providing a complete view of front-end activity.
      </td>
     </tr>

     <tr>
      <td>
        [**Customizable Settings**](/docs/browser/browser-monitoring/browser-pro-features/browser-logs/get-started)
      </td>
      <td>

>         * **Toggle On/Off Auto-Logging**

Reviewer: Talk to me

            * Enable or disable log collection.
        * **Sample Rate Configuration**
            * Define the percentage of user sessions to collect logs.
        * **Log Verbosity Levels**
            * Select the minimum log level to capture, automatically including all preceding levels.
      </td>
     </tr>

    <tr>
      <td>
        [**Logs in Session Replay**](/docs/browser/browser-monitoring/browser-pro-features/browser-logs/view-browser-logs/logs-in-session-replay)
      </td>
      <td>
        View browser logs in context with Session Replay, bridging application functionality and user experience. [Learn more about Session Replay](#session-replay-section).
      </td>
     </tr>

     <tr>
      <td>
        [**Logs in Errors Inbox**](/docs/browser/browser-monitoring/browser-pro-features/browser-logs/view-browser-logs/logs-in-error-inbox)
      </td>
      <td>

>         View browser logs alongside JavaScript errors during troubleshooting, aiding in faster debugging and better root cause analysis. [Learn more about Errors Inbox](#errors-inbox-section)

Reviewer: how can we commit to "faster debugging"?

Author: Removed the word
